how much chocolate did she a whole box
well to be fair you ate a lot of it
before you gave it to me so the point is
that may have saved her life
oh I'm sorry is this a joke to you
oh maybe her how big a box of chocolate
was it uh something like this I don't
know it came free with a full tank of
gas really do you know how much those
Lakers tickets work do you know how much
gas is hey sorry oh my god cinnamon are
you okay I can't believe you do you do
whatever it takes to save her life if
she needs new organs I'll buy any dog
necessary and scrap them for parts
you're the owner owner father sworn mate
and if anything happens to her your
worst nightmare
well she's not throwing up which is a
good sign so I'm gonna take her and back
put her on fluids and give her something
to absorb the toxin okay thank you
oh if she's scared you can sing to her
she likes Katy Perry oh but don't do
firework that gets all riled up should
have been a dentist as if Valentine's
Day wasn't bad enough you tried to kill
my dog and with cheap chocolate no less
it wasn't cheap it was free I'm really
sorry it was an accident we weren't even
out of the room that long come on it was
a while
it's a while boys hit him I'm gonna be
okay
she's responding well we just want to
keep her a little longer for observation
all right
would it be okay for me to see her wait
usually in bed by now and I want to know
that I'm here yes we sleep together and
sometimes we spoon it's okay I sleep
with my dog too
we're not supposed to let people in back
but I think I can make an exception
thank you come on by the way I sang her
Katy Perry oh yeah I don't care what
that obnoxious parent factor says I
crushed it there's something going on
between the two of them maybe but you
also think nine minutes isn't a while so
what do you know